Provisional Governance Structure

This proposal ratifies and confirms that:

I. Bright Moments will be organized as a DAO
The DAO will be the primary organizational and governance structure and exist as a separate and distinct entity from Bright Moments NY, LLC.

II. Members of the DAO will be individuals, entities, or other parties that hold a legitimately minted CryptoCitizen NFT
Members of the DAO (each individually a “Member” and collectively, “Members”) will have the right to vote on proposals in proportion to the number of CryptoCitizens each member holds, which will be binding on the DAO and have express authority to govern, unless otherwise agreed to by the members in writing. To be considered a member of the DAO, CryptoCitizens must have a representative or surrogate present during minting at the local Bright Moments chapter of their associated city (e.g. CryptoVenetians in Venice, New Yorkers in New York, Galacticans in the Metaverse). The list of CryptoCitizens eligible for membership as of January 24th, 2022 can be found here.

III. The DAO’s structure and governance is provisional and Bright Moments NY, LLC (“the Core team”) is authorized to conduct activities on behalf of the DAO until a suitable legal structure is established
The Core team, working with members of the DAO, are authorized to produce and create a plan for further governance enhancements and improvements (including exploring more formal legal structures) by March 31, 2022. Additionally, the Core team is empowered to conduct activities related to operations of the DAO until a suitable legal structure is accepted by a 50% majority and at least 1% quorum. If a majority vote is not accepted by April 2022, another proposal will be introduced to extend the provisional governance structure.

IV. Until the governance structure is ratified and legal entity established, DAO members agree to the following to reduce liability
No single Member (in their capacity as a Member) shall act or be recognized as a manager of the DAO or have the authority to bind the DAO in any way or to enter into any agreement or contract obligating the DAO in any way.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Member shall have any fiduciary duty to the DAO or to any Member by reason of this Proposal or in its capacity as a Member, except that the Members shall be subject to the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing and the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
No Member (or former Member of the DAO) shall be liable for the obligations of the DAO, including any obligations owed by such Member in connection with this proposal. Any debt, obligation, or other liability of the DAO is solely the debt, obligation, or other liability of the DAO. Members (or former Members) are not personally liable, directly or indirectly, by participating in the DAO, attending Bright Moments events, or otherwise for a debt, obligation, or other liability of the DAO solely by reason of being or acting as a Member.
